fix: add changeset for warp verify fix (#3513)
hyperlane-xyz/hyperlane-monorepo: .changeset/new-melons-tell.md

---

> '@hyperlane-xyz/sdk': minor

Reviewer: Feels more like a patch update than a minor one to me but nbd

Author: would agree if it was just the warp verification fix, but went with minor because of the ContractVerifier update to pickup apikeys

---

Fixed an issue where warp route verification would fail at deploy time to a mismatch between the SDK's intermediary contract representation and actual contract name.

> Enabled the ContractVerifier to pick up explorer API keys from the configured chain metadat. This allows users to provide their own explorer API keys in custom `chains.yaml` files.

Reviewer: typo metadata

> Fixed an issue where warp route verification would fail at deploy time to a mismatch between the SDK's intermediary contract representation and actual contract name.
> Enabled the ContractVerifier to pick up explorer API keys from the configured chain metadat. This allows users to provide their own explorer API keys in custom `chains.yaml` files.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where warp route verification would fail at deploy time due to a mismatch between the SDK's intermediary contract representation and actual contract name.
Enabled the ContractVerifier to pick up explorer API keys from the configured chain metadata. This allows users to provide their own explorer API keys in custom `chains.yaml` files.
```
